[Outlook](legacy tokens) Update FAQ now that all legacy tokens off (#5397)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens.md

ms.service: microsoft-365
ms.subservice: add-ins
ms.topic: faq
ms.date: 10/01/2025
---

# Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ

> Legacy Exchange Online [user identity tokens](authentication.md#exchange-user-identity-token) and [callback tokens](authentication.md#callback-tokens) are deprecated turned off across all Microsoft 365 tenants. If an Outlook add-in requires delegated user access or user identity, we recommend using MSAL (Microsoft Authentication Library) and nested app authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy Exchange Online [user identity tokens](authentication.md#exchange-user-identity-token) and [callback tokens](authentication.md#callback-tokens) are deprecated and are turned off across all Microsoft 365 tenants. If an Outlook add-in requires delegated user access or user identity, we recommend using MSAL (Microsoft Authentication Library) and nested app authentication.
```

### What is the timeline for shutting down legacy Exchange online tokens?

> Legacy Exchange Online tokens are turned off. If you are an admin for a tenant and were granted an exemption from Microsoft for your tenant, most of this FAQ will still apply to you. All exemptions end on October 31st, 2025. **No more exemptions are allowed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy Exchange Online tokens are turned off. If you're an admin for a tenant and were granted an exemption from Microsoft for your tenant, most of this FAQ will still apply to you. All exemptions end on October 31st, 2025. **No more exemptions are allowed**.
```

### When is NAA generally available for my channel?

> The general availability (GA) date for NAA depends on which channel you are using. The following table lists build and GA information for Outlook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general availability (GA) date for NAA depends on which channel you're using. The following table lists build and GA information for Outlook.
```

| Date     | NAA General Availability (GA) for Outlook |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| October 2024 | NAA is GA in Current Channel. |
| November 2024 | NAA is GA in Monthly Enterprise Channel. |
| January 2025 | NAA is GA in Semi-Annual Channel Version 2408 (Build 17928.20392). |
| June 2025 | NAA is GA in Semi-Annual Extended Channel Version 2408 (Build 17928.20604). |

### Are COM Add-ins affected by the deprecation of legacy Exchange Online tokens?

> It's very unlikely any COM add-ins are affected by the deprecation of legacy Exchange Online tokens. Outlook web add-ins are primarily affected because they can use Office.js APIs that rely on Exchange tokens. For more information, see [How do i know if my outlook add in relies on legacy tokens](#how-do-i-know-if-my-outlook-add-in-relies-on-legacy-tokens). The Exchange tokens are used to access Exchange Web Services (EWS) or Outlook REST APIs, both of which are also deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's very unlikely any COM add-ins are affected by the deprecation of legacy Exchange Online tokens. Outlook web add-ins are primarily affected because they can use Office.js APIs that rely on Exchange tokens. For more information, see [How do I know if my Outlook add-in relies on legacy tokens?](#how-do-i-know-if-my-outlook-add-in-relies-on-legacy-tokens). The Exchange tokens are used to access Exchange Web Services (EWS) or Outlook REST APIs, both of which are also deprecated.
```

### What do I do for add-ins I can't identify?

> It's possible after running `Get-AuthenticationPolicy` there could be some custom add-ins for which you can't identify an owner. For those add-ins you may need to perform a scream test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you come across add-ins you can’t identify after running `Get-AuthenticationPolicy`, try performing a scream test to determine ownership.
```
